feat(lsp): upgrade to new interface (#7)
UMAprotocol/launch-lsp: README.md

## Run the deployment script

> Before running this command, you should customize the parameters to your needs. `YOUR_NODE_URL` should be filled in with a url for the network that you wish to deploy to and the `lspCreatorAddress` value should be substituted with the creator address on that same network. These creator addresses can be found in the `Contract Addresses` section. It is prefilled with the Ethereum mainnet `LongShortPairCreator` address.

Reviewer: These are kovan not mainnet params (which I think is good!)
```suggestion
Before running this command, you should customize the parameters to your needs. `YOUR_NODE_URL` should be filled in with a url for the network that you wish to deploy to and the `lspCreatorAddress` value should be substituted with the creator address on that same network. These creator addresses can be found in the `Contract Addresses` section. It is prefilled with the Kovan `LongShortPairCreator` address.
```

```

## Customize your deployment parameters

You can customize all of the deployment parameters of the LSP simply by changing the parameters that you pass in the run command above. See [the script](./index.js) or [documentation](https://docs.umaproject.org/synthetic-tokens/long-short-pair#lsp-construction-parameters) for more details about these parameters.

Your financial product library address will defines the payout function for your LSP. We have several [financial product libraries](https://github.com/UMAprotocol/protocol/tree/master/packages/core/contracts/financial-templates/common/financial-product-libraries/long-short-pair-libraries) available for transforming the price, identifier, or collateral requirement of an LSP before or after expiry.

How and when to use various libraries is explained below.

### Binary Option

> Binary options settle with all collateral allocated to either the long or short side, depending on the settlement price. They can be used to make prediction markets or any kind of binary bet. Settlement is defined using a strike price which informs which side of the bet was correct. If settlement price is greater or equal to the strike then all value is sent to the long side. Otherwise, all value is sent to the short side. The settlement price could be a scalar (like the price of ETH) or a binary bet with settlement being 0 or 1 depending on the outcome.

Reviewer: Really low lift that would make this more actionable would just be noting how the params in the FPLs factor into these equations.

Specify this library with the flag `--fpl BinaryOption`.

> TODO: Explain how to set library parameters on Etherscan.

Reviewer: Let's just cut out these TODOs and add at a later date
